We created the logging end point, we created logging service methods and we created defined by email,
email and metadata on the user repository.
And this implementation makes a very strong assumption, which is that the user, um, the email is
unique.
So we are assuming that we will never have two users be the same email.
If we do, this call will fail.
And this is not true.
We didn't define this on the database level.
If we go to the schemas profile, we don't define email as unique, so we are going to define it.
Now we need to, to say that this, uh, email is unique.
So alternative user add constraint, uh, uk-eu.
Email Emily used to.
Haskell surfer.
Naming convention for these.
Okay.
So.
And because database management is out of the scope of, of this video, I will just, uh, write an
incremental script.
So if I exist in that constraint, if not exists, I will use this.
Um, I will use it this way.
We always run the full schema, so every change that we do, we will never change back.
We always change forward.
So we are we added uniquely, we can now run the application.
And if I try to create a user with an email that already exists, now I receive an exception.
This exception is error 500.
So it's a server side error.
It means that something went wrong on a server, which is not really the case.
We can anticipate that this will happen.
This is a behavior that we are protecting, so it's not a server error.
What we can do is go to the exception to this line error and we will see the exception that was thrown
here.
Okay.
Uh, DB action execution exception.
And now I will write code that will protect, uh, these exception to be thrown like that.
Uh.
In response.
So I'll try to try to catch block.
Uh.
Right.
To try to catch.
Like this.
Uh, I've got this DB action execution.
Exceptional.
Call it simply exception.
I need to import this.
Uh.
Yes, I mean this.
So in this case, I will import.
And when this exceptional happens, I will throw a new, uh, response status, exception HTP status
by the request.
Email already exists.
Here.
Javert wants these as well.
Just need to do my tribe block.
Uh, I would say that my user user equals.
This that have here.
And I will return user.
And we see that this user doesn't exist.
So I need to actually move this out.
I would create my user share.
Okay.
So now I'll try to I will try to save my user.
And if I have an execution exception, I will say that the email already exists.
And then I returned my user.
So my point is saved.
However, there is one thing that we notice.
We noticed where where we code and we noticed that in the code.
I have too many times the response status exception per request with this, uh, this message, this
message and here I have twice the same message.
So in fact, what I could do.
Is to create an error package.
Error or exception.
I prefer to call it, uh, error and I will implement a Java class and we have 3 to 3 errors of your
password and do not much error.
Email already exists.
Error.
And if I leave the credentials error I will start with invalid.
Could have been shows error.
Okay.
And this will extend, uh, response studies exception.
And in my constructor.
And we authorized this.
Okay.
Uh, actually, I don't.
I will call, uh, this, uh, exception without, uh, without arguments.
And I will create it with both requests.
And in the reason he violates.
Credentials.
Okay.
So I have my all these credentials are in my service now.
I don't need this.
I can just simply throw invalid credentials error.
Uh.
I still need my.
Is your.
And here are the same invalid credentials error.
And he would allow me to write in a bit more succinct way.
So my the reference.
I'm still missing.
Email already exists.
Error.
Email already exists at our.
So extents.
Response, status, exception and.
In the already existing errors will be implemented.
Uh.
Yeah.
Okay.
So in.
No, it's fine.
Super HTP status by request.
He may already ceased.
And the other one missing is passwords.
Don't much.
After.
Extends response status.
But the response state the exception.
Super htp.
GDP status pet requests.
And.
Passwords do not match.
It's their on line here.
So it is one of the tenets.
So not in my service.
I just have to throw.
Passwords don't match at all.
I would like to name this.
Two passwords do.
Not much.
Indeed, I will return.
Emails already exists.
So my code is a bit, um.
Better.
I was still test.
I didn't relaunch.
So now I'm, uh, sending trying to register new user.
I get the same error.
Now I will relaunch the application.
If I try to resist, register and get this password.
If the passwords do not match, the validation will be done in advance.
So I get passwords?
Not much.
So I get exactly the same errors as before.
And my code is a bit.
Uh.
He's improved.
And he's a bit more prone to, uh, to, to change if, if we need, if we need to change the password
to messages, for example, if we need to put capital letters or if we want to give more descriptive,
uh, error message, we don't have to look everywhere in the code.
We have everything in the same, in the same place.